Can I know your opinion on some points related to the Arabic language?
Of course Reem, I love this kind of conversation.
Good, when did Arabic appear?
Arabic has been around for many years and historians have pointed out that it is one of the most popular languages and it is the oldest group of languages in the world.
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
It is not like that. The diversity of Arabic language sciences, including literature, communication, grammar, grammar, beauty, expression, and multiple vocabularies, make some people afraid of learning them.
While they are one of the strong and easy languages to learn, they only need determination and persistence to learn and master them.
Do you know why the Arabic language is called the Dada language?
Yes, of course. This name is re-released on the Arabic language, since it is the only language on the level of the languages of the world that contains the letter Dada.
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
And the teacher describes you as a lover of Arabic. Why?
How can I not love it? The Creator has honored it and made it the language of the Holy Quran and the language of the Master of Messengers, the main language of Islam and the cradle of civilizations around the world.
How beautiful is the Arabic language! Thank you, Mona.